Create first two modules and perform IC pipeline (#2)
WayScience/Interstellar_Project: 0.wave1_data/1.cellprofiler_ic_processing/README.md

# Create initial LoadData csv to calculate illumination correction function

> In this module, we present the process for creation of a LoadData csv and CellProfiler pipeline for calculating an illumination correction function for each channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this module, we create a LoadData csv and CellProfiler pipeline for calculating an illumination correction function for each channel.
```

Author: :+1:

## pe2loaddata

To create the LoadData csv file for CellProfiler, we use a software called [pe2loaddata](https://github.com/broadinstitute/pe2loaddata/tree/220ac512bfc0c2e582d379b19411c1585272aee3). 
This will create a LoadData csv from the Phenix metadata XML file generated from data acquisition. 

## Step 1: Create CellProfiler environment

If you do not already have CellProfiler installed in a conda environment, you can run the code below to create one.

```sh
conda env create -f cellprofiler_environment.yml
```

We are using CellProfiler v4.2.4 for all pipelines.

## Step 2: Install pe2loaddata

Using the instructions from their Github, you can install pe2loaddata by running the code block below in the `0.wave1_data/1.cellprofiler_ic_processing/` directory.

```sh

> git clone https://github.com/broadinstitute/pe2loaddata.git

Reviewer: We should probably fix the version we're installing. Is there a way to install a specific github hash?

Author: @gwaybio 

We might be able to install using this I found from here (https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13685920/install-specific-git-commit-with-pip).

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/broadinstitute/pe2loaddata.git@0426dd6b9d8b3242294a6fbdef7c4e1ee762a4cc
```
